feat(multichain-account-service): add `deleteAccount` to providers (#8960)
MetaMask/core: packages/multichain-account-service/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Added `deleteAccount(id)` to the `Bip44AccountProvider` interface and to all built-in providers (`EvmAccountProvider`, `SolAccountProvider`, `BtcAccountProvider`, `TrxAccountProvider`, and the shared `SnapAccountProvider`/`AccountProviderWrapper`) ([#8960](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/8960))
  - `EvmAccountProvider.deleteAccount(id)` resolves the account's entropy source and forwards to the v2 HD keyring's `deleteAccount(accountId)`. When this drains the last account on a non-primary HD keyring, the keyring controller automatically prunes the empty keyring.
  - `SnapAccountProvider.deleteAccount(id)` resolves the account's address and forwards to the legacy `SnapKeyring.removeAccount(address)` so that the snap and the host keyring stay in sync.
  - `AccountProviderWrapper.deleteAccount(id)` forwards unconditionally so that wallet-removal flows can clean up snap-backed accounts even when the wrapper has been disabled.

>   - Added a public `unwrap` method on `AccountProviderWrapper`. This is an escape hatch for cleanup flows (e.g. wallet removal) that need to enumerate the underlying provider's accounts regardless of enabled state, since `getAccounts()` still returns `[]` when the wrapper is disabled.

Reviewer: I find this slightly "too verbose" 😅 We could have this kind of details in the PR description itself (in case we need to get back to it through the changelog)

WDYT about:
```suggestion
- Added `Bip44AccountProvider.deleteAccount(id)` method ([#8960](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/8960))
  - The `KeyringController` will automatically prunes the non-primary empty keyrings when the last EVM account is getting removed.
  - `AccountProviderWrapper.deleteAccount(id)` always removes the account, even if disabled.
- Added `AccountProviderWrapper.unwrap` method ([#8960](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/8960))
  - Use this if you need to access the inner (wrapped) keyring.
```

Author: [eee6880](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/8960/commits/eee68806da85b4de8b07ffe023094bcdca844e1c)

### Changed

- **BREAKING:** `MultichainAccountService.removeMultichainAccountWallet` (and the corresponding `MultichainAccountService:removeMultichainAccountWallet` messenger action) now takes a single `entropySource` argument; the previous `accountAddress` parameter has been removed ([#8960](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/8960))
  - The method now iterates every account belonging to the wallet and dispatches `provider.deleteAccount(account.id)` to the matching provider, instead of only removing a single EVM address.
  - For wrapped providers, enumeration uses the underlying provider so snap-backed accounts are still deleted when basic functionality is off (the wrapper's `getAccounts()` returns `[]` when disabled). Without this, snap-backed accounts would be orphaned in their underlying keyrings.

>   - Per-account deletions are best-effort: a single account's failure does not abort cleanup of the remaining accounts. If one or more deletions fail, a single aggregated error is reported via the messenger's `captureException` with the per-account failure details (`provider`, `accountId`, error message, stack) in its `context`. The wallet is always removed from the service's internal map at the end.

Reviewer: WDYT about?

```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** `MultichainAccountService.removeMultichainAccountWallet` (and messenger action) now takes a single `entropySource` argument ([#8960](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/8960))
  - The previous `accountAddress` parameter has been removed.
  - All accounts are now unconditionally removed from the wallet and providers (even for disabled `AccountProviderWrapper`).
  - Per-account deletions are best-effort: a single account's failure does not abort cleanup of the remaining accounts.
  - Errors are aggregated and reported in case of failure.
```

Author: [eee6880](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/8960/commits/eee68806da85b4de8b07ffe023094bcdca844e1c)
